Add docs for graphs (#1767)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/onedal/data-management/index.rst

--------

The main data-related concept that |short_name| works with is a

> :capterm:`dataset`. It is a collection of data in specific data format.

Author: ```suggestion
:capterm:`dataset`. It is a collection of data in a specific data format.
```

a parameter of some algorithm. The data in the table can be accessed via its own
interface or via read-only accessor as shown on the diagram.

.. _graph:

Graph
-----

> A graph is a concept of in-memory structured data that are organized

Author: ```suggestion
A graph is a concept of in-memory structured data that is organized
```

> as :capterm:`graph` with several vertices and edges.

Author: ```suggestion
as a :capterm:`graph` with several vertices and edges.
```

> Graph can be :capterm:`directed <Directed graph>`, :capterm:`undirected <Undirected graph>`,
> :capterm:`weighted <Weighted graph>` and :capterm:`attributed <Attribute>`. Graph is used
> at the data preparation and data processing stages to:

Author: ```suggestion
Graphs can be :capterm:`directed <Directed graph>`, :capterm:`undirected <Undirected graph>`,
:capterm:`weighted <Weighted graph>` and :capterm:`attributed <Attribute>`. Graphs are used
at the data preparation and data processing stages to:
```

or

```suggestion
A graph can be :capterm:`directed <Directed graph>`, :capterm:`undirected <Undirected graph>`,
:capterm:`weighted <Weighted graph>` and :capterm:`attributed <Attribute>`. A graph is used
at the data preparation and data processing stages to:
```

- Be an in-memory representation of a :txtref:`dataset`.

- Store graph data in sparse
  :capterm:`data formats <data format>`.

- Avoid unnecessary data copies during conversion from external data
  representations.

- Connect with the :txtref:`data-source` to convert data from an

>   out-of-memory into an in-memory representation.

Author: ```suggestion
  out-of-memory representation into an in-memory representation.
```

.. note::
  For thread-safety reasons and better integration with external entities, a

>   graph provides a read-only access to the data within it, thus, graph object

Author: ```suggestion
  graph provides a read-only access to the data within it, thus, a graph object
```

  is :capterm:`immutable <immutability>`.

> This concept has different logical organization and physical :capterm:`format of
> the data <data format>`:

Author: ```suggestion
The logical organization of a graph and the physical :capterm:`format of
the data <data format>` are different:
```

- Logically, a :capterm:`graph` contains :math:`|V|` vertices and :math:`|E|` edges.

>   Vertices of the :capterm:`graph` are described with the same data type and
>   respective operations on it. The same holds the truth for edges and :capterm:`attributes <Attribute>`
>   of the :capterm:`graph`. Data types of vertex, edge, and attribute can be different.

Author: ```suggestion
  All vertices of the :capterm:`graph` are described with the same data type and
  respective operations on it. Similarly, the same is true for edges and :capterm:`attributes <Attribute>`
  of the :capterm:`graph`. The data types of vertices, edges, and attributes can be different.
```

> - Physically, a graph :capterm:`topology` can be organized in :capterm:`CSR <CSR data>`

Author: ```suggestion
- Physically, the :capterm:`topology` of a graph can be organized in :capterm:`CSR <CSR data>`
```
